<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_20" title="Monday, April 20, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_20" title="Monday, April 20, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, April 20, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: REAL GOOD IS SIMPLE</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: I Had a Dove by John Keats</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Knowing how to deal with what you don’t know.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The GOOD that the Stoics advocate in place of coveting is wisdom, self-control, justice, courage. No one who achieves these quiet virtues experiences buyer’s remorse.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a reading of <em>Sanity is Impossibility</em>: <em>Human history of thousands of years of civilization and cultures has been documented evidence of how misplaced ingenuity of minority of humanity, especially in powerful leadership positions, has always ruled over this mass idealism of compassion to shove the human world to the brink of extinction, with conflicts, confusion and chaos ruling all milieus and lives in them. The current diminutive and enslaved status of singular wisdom of compassion in contemporary human world is foolproof evidence that </em><strong><em>Sanity Is Impossibility</em></strong><em> in contemporary world and collective life-living. Those who truly understood Reality, humbly accepted compassion as only wisdom and lived and died in peace and wellness. Compassion remains the only singular Possibility of Sanity, at personal levels, as at collective level, compassion has lost the chance to reinstate itself long-long back…!</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Arbitrary introspective reprimanding of the idea of evil is still alien in every way, I’m not in terms with the collective unconsciousness of how humans deteriorate to a point of atrocity involving a neighbour losing his sanity, if all humans are the same, based on the <em>natural instinctiveness</em>, I am certain the only reason why I differ is because of my knowledge. An allusion to the second paragraph of my lesson bit.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Life is impermanence, and I have a disease, one affecting my heart, I barely have enough to eat, or anything to wear, a sheer reflection of how much of my health I remain unaware of, in the event of my death been news, it won’t be of my life having been a waste, a world existed before I was born to it, it would go on, existing when am out of it; but not without a tint of my shade.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Having thoughts of suicide . . . without understanding? <em>Why</em> is a reflection of the unanswered question: “why am I here now?”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The 19th Century was a pinchbeck age of literature.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>