<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_16" title="Thursday, April 16, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_16" title="Thursday, April 16, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, April 16, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: OBSERVE CAUSE AND EFFECT</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Will Ye No Come Back Again? by Carolina Oliphant, Lady Nairne</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It makes sense to relieve myself of these words, words that evoke a sense of purpose. Taking up literary learning is still to this point the journey with raptures so intense I will to see it through.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a reading of the Lexicon of Ayn Rand’s Objectivism discussing America’s libertarian stands: “<em>All previous systems had regarded man as a sacrificial means to the ends of others, and society as an end in itself, The United States regarded man as an end in himself, and society as a means to the peaceful, orderly, voluntary co-existence of individuals. All previous systems had held that man’s life belongs to society, that society can dispose of him in any way it pleases, and that any freedom he enjoys is his only by favour, by the permission of society, which may be revoked at any time. The United States held that man’s life is his by right (which means: by </em><strong><em>moral principle</em></strong><em> and by </em><strong><em>his nature</em></strong><em>), that a right is the property of an individual, that society as such has no rights, and that the only </em><strong><em>moral purpose</em></strong><em> of a government is the </em><strong><em>protection of individual rights</em></strong><em>.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         “<em>America is the land of the uncommon man. It is the land where man is free to develop his genius—and to get its just rewards. It is the land where each man tries to develop whatever quality he may possess and to rise to whatever degree he can, great or modest. It is not the land where one glories or is taught to glory in one’s mediocrity.</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>No self-respecting man in America is or thinks of himself as “little,” no matter how poor he may be. That, precisely, is the difference he-tween an American working man and a European serf.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         “<em>The social system based on and consonant with the </em><strong><em>altruist morality</em></strong><em> —with the code of self-sacrifice—is socialism, in all or any of its variants: fascism, Nazism, communism. All of them treat man as a sacrificial animal to be immolated for the benefit of the group, the tribe, the society, the state. Soviet Russia is the ultimate result, the final product, the full, consistent embodiment of the altruist morality in practice; it represents the only way that that morality can ever be practiced.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">In my little time in the literary world, I’ve come to realize the only connection being shared with the <em>collective</em> the herd of “the clan” is <strong><em>shared human experience</em></strong>.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a swift read of Heroes and Heroines hints on the concept of collective unconscious <strong>“</strong><em>Carl Jung theorized that humans have a </em><strong><em>collective unconscious</em></strong><em>, "deposits of the</em><strong><em> constantly repeated experiences of humanity</em></strong><em> ... a kind, of readiness to reproduce over and over again the same or similar</em><strong><em> mythical ideas</em></strong><em> ..." This shared memory of experiences has resulted in </em><strong><em>a resonance of the concepts </em></strong><em>of hero and heroine that transcends time, place and culture. Jung called these recurring personalities ARCHETYPES, from the Greek word archetypos, meaning "first of its kind."</em><strong>"</strong></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a reading of the lexicon of Objectivism: “<em>Ancient Greece tore away the heavy shroud of mysticism woven for centuries in murky temples, and achieved, in three centuries, what Egypt had not dreamed of in thirty: a civilization that was essentially </em><strong><em>pro-man</em></strong><em> and </em><strong><em>pro-life</em></strong><em>. The achievements of the Greeks rested on their confidence in the power of man’s mind—the power of </em><strong><em>reason</em></strong><em>. For the first time, men sought to understand the causes of natural phenomena, and gradually replaced superstition with the beginnings of science. For the first time, men sought to guide their lives by the judgment of reason, instead of resorting exclusively to divine will and revelation.</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>The Greeks built temples for their gods, but they conceived of their gods as </em><strong><em>perfect human beings</em></strong><em>, rejecting the cats, crocodiles and cow-headed monstrosities enshrined and worshiped by the Egyptians. Greek gods </em><strong><em>personified abstractions</em></strong><em> such as Beauty, Wisdom, Justice, Victory, which are </em><strong><em>proper human values</em></strong><em>. In the Greek religion, there was </em><strong><em>no omnipotent mystical authority</em></strong><em> and no organized priesthood. The Greek had only a vague idea of, and little interest in, an afterlife.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>It is quite true what Philosophy says: that </em><strong><em>Life must be understood backwards</em></strong><em>. But that makes one forget the other saying: that it must be lived forwards. The more one ponders this, the more it comes to mean that life in the temporal existence never becomes quite intelligible, precisely because at no moment can I find complete quiet to take the backward-looking position.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"> </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>—The Diary of Søren Kierkegaard</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>A novel is a mirror that is carried along a road.</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A quote from the Upanishads: “<em>The gods love the obscure and hate the obvious</em>”</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>