<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_27" title="Monday, April 27, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_27" title="Monday, April 27, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, April 27, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: TURN IT INSIDE OUT</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: o by the by by E. E. Cummings</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Being with someone is like flying your dreams as you would fly a kite.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Like today’s unconventional nonsensical poem, today’s devotional pits an opposing idea against perceptive inference, alluding a form of commonsensical cognition. The former an allusion to pleasure void of much reason, the latter an approach at disciplined perception through the unbiased thought.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The question is what are thoughts? <em>The formation of opinions, especially as a philosophy or system of ideas, or the opinions so formed.</em> What drives opinion formation? Fore-knowledge? Primal stimulation? The dialectic? </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The wisdom in today’s devotional knowledge offering is the innuendo of thought that . . .</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Call the fire station before starting the fire.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">Some quotes:</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>life's not a paragraph and death I think is no parenthesis</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.</em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today’s devotional speaks volume on the discernment of situations, implying an adjacent perspective, away from the obvious putative, substituting this for an inverse view, a clearly interesting proposition. <em>Stoicism is about looking at things from every angle—and certain situations are easier to understand from different perspectives. In potentially negative situations, the objective, even superficial gaze might actually be superior. That view might let us see things clearly without diving too much into what they might represent or what might have caused them. In other situations, particularly those that involve something impressive or praiseworthy, another approach, like that of contemptuous expressions, is helpful. By examining situations from the inside out, we can be less daunted by them, less likely to be swayed by them.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">           <em>Dig into your fear of death or obscurity, and what will you find? Turn some fancy ceremony inside out and you’ll find—what?</em></p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>