<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_13" title="Monday, April 13, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_13" title="Monday, April 13, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, April 13, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: LESS IS MORE</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Song of Wandering Aengus by W. B. Yeats</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from today’s reading of the Stoic Devotional: <em>the writers we admire tend to be masters of economy and brevity. What they leave out is just as important—sometimes more important—than what they leave in. There is a poem by Philip Levine titled “He Would Never Use One Word Where None Would Do.” </em>A necessary wisdom for my journey into the literary world.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The silver apples of the moon, the golden apples of the sun.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         How quickly it has been, since quitting my job, coming home, the switch from the promise of life to the pains of life, it’s been what? Two years now, and the miserableness of existence has pined at the peak of belief in a transcendental being of adoration.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Thinking back to the times of the <em>Folly</em> incident, the “professor” who really isn’t a professor. I think I’ll write a story on this instead of just making it an input in my journal.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         The concept of “okuigbe” the word that depicts or means <em>dead shit</em> can be contrasted with the concept introduced by a colleague, <em>Osho</em> when he said: <em>they are the sick one’s, they don’t smoke</em>. I won’t suffice, so I’m <em>dead shit</em> like: <em>he doesn’t smoke so he is sick</em>.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from a course book I currently use: <em>I use the word “daimon” in its classic sense, referring to a kind of psychic twin—a motivating presence that first appears in one’s youth as a core image or experience that will come to animate, guide, and inform the individual throughout her life.</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Another excerpt: <em>Compensation Theory argues that the drive to flourish is grounded in childhood, adolescent, or early adulthood experiences of loss, deprivation, humiliation, scorn, bullying, abandonment, loneliness, and so on. Poverty inspires a need for security, shame a need to prove the mockers wrong, abandonment a need for trustworthy love—or safe, reliable solitude</em>.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Embrace the consistent cruelty, the “<strong><em>everyday sadism</em></strong>”. In it remain poised, focused, and unperturbed, for an individual who sees no evil in his actions is capable of virtually anything.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         I discovered the <strong><em>Man Booker Prize</em></strong> today. Now that’s the goal.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>