<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_22" title="Wednesday, April 22, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_22" title="Wednesday, April 22, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, April 22, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THE MARKS OF A RATIONAL PERSON</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: The Woodspurge by Dante Gabriel Rossetti</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Understanding that the recent Cyber-Attack of the last few months have been deliberate attempts at having my self-examination and self-awareness deterred through the constant halt of deliberate arbitrary self-introspection.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Extending my bailiwick to include literature of the Victorian era, even though its regarded as the pinchbeck age of literature.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Understanding the difference between primal, primitive, and classic is essential in understanding the necessary discernment in historic matters. A simple tip.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>
                        <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a reading of the book Breaking open the head: <em>The extension of the self was, I realized, a natural process, akin to the blossoming of a plant. While a plant extends toward the sun throughout its life, human beings evolve internally. We rise up and flourish, or become stunted, involuted, as we react to the forces that press against us. Our growth takes place in the invisible realm of our mental space, and the unreachable sun we rise toward is </em><strong><em>knowledge</em></strong><em> —of the self and the universe.</em></p>
    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
