<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_April_25" title="Saturday, April 25, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="April_25" title="Saturday, April 25, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, April 25, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THERE’S NOTHING WRONG WITH BEING WRONG</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Robinson Crusoe’s Wise Sayings by Ian McMillan</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Repetitiveness doesn’t breed progress, a personal observation through a self-willed state.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Understanding <em>civil</em> implies environmental in certain context is cool.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I love it when I think of the utter unimportance of living a life that isn’t worth living, and a muscle spasm reiterates in consensus. It’s the only reason I need for my second suicide attempt. I should a fix a date, probably before the Coronavirus, give myself a last: <em>what is on my mind</em>.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I choose not to bother or displease my existence by pondering any of the ephemeral thoughts suggested, carrying out the current task is all that is of importance.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Concentrate on the effect of your actions on your well-being, not others.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The day the story of the lonesome Robinson Crusoe is published by Daniel Defoe in 1719.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Thinking to myself, the constant perturbation of my state of consciousness, the almost perishing of the concept of <em>me</em>. To think that I come from a lineage of royalty, a supposed dignified, regal race, I doubt it.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Reading the book <em>Breaking open the head</em> I come by this idea by R. Gordon Wasson : “<em>A prodigious expansion in Man’s memory must have been the gift that differentiated mankind from his predecessors, and I surmise that this expansion in memory led to a simultaneous growth in the gift of language, these two powers generating in man that self-consciousness which is the third of the triune traits that alone make man unique. . . . I am asking myself whether Soma could have possessed the power to spark what I have called these triune traits.</em>” it’s a surmise not a factual theory. Wasson later came to deplore the idea of psychedelia saying “<em>Although these fungi had produced all of the great philosophic visions of antiquity, he proclaimed they had no relevance to the modern world.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I wish my problems were pellucid. I catch myself doing things the wrong way. I want to cry most times, but in the end to live is to know when to die I think.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         To think I came home as an act of convalesce, only to deteriorate to a state of almost madness is beyond sad I . . .</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>