<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_August_5" title="Wednesday, August 5, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="August_5" title="Wednesday, August 5, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, August 5, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: SILENCE IS STRENGTH</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Meg Merrilies by John Keats</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"> Remembering</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Today's Musical</b>: CLARINET SONATA IN E FLAT MAJOR, OP. 167 1: ALLEGRETTO BY CAMILLE SAINT-SAËNS (1835–1921)</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I am confounded, I don’t know why, most of my relationships in the past have been online ones; remote and it’s been fine all this time but this has me confused, lonely and distraught, my thoughts feel so public.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>The character of man is consciousness; and the character of consciousness is to consume, perpetually, . . . the man of mind must finally reduce himself knowingly to an endless refusal to be anything whatever</em>. From a book called Monsieur Teste, it’s a great interesting book by the author Paul Valery, and I’ll be reading more from the author.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Consciousness cannot entirely consume being and still continue to exist. It depends on being. Sensibility is its home, knowledge is its profession.</em></p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         This crossed my mind and explains my new growing into laziness, holding me back from writing. It’s a text from the same book: <em>it is always a “sacrifice of thought” to write it down; the very act of writing stops thought by making it dependent on words for its expression. </em>Here he speaks of the logbook of Mr Teste.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Syncretism is a term meaning the combining of different beliefs, while blending practices of various schools of thought. The abolishment of all barriers, all classes, all exclusions. This explains the egg by Andy Weir. The story, the concept album Everybody by Logic is based on.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>