<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_December_24" title="Thursday, December 24, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="December_24" title="Thursday, December 24, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, December 24, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: MEANINGLESS . . . LIKE A FINE WINE</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Excerpts from the book Reasons to stay alive:</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>There is this idea that you either read to escape or you read to find yourself. I don’t really see the difference. We find ourselves through the process of escaping. It is not where we are, but where we want to go, and all that. ‘Is there no way out of the mind?’ Sylvia Path famously asked. I had been interested in this question (what it meant, what the answers might be) ever since I had come across it as a teenager in a book of quotations. If there is a way out, a way that isn’t death itself, then the exit route is through words. But rather than leave the mind entirely, words help us leave a mind, and give us the building blocks to build another one, similar but better, nearby to the old one but with firmer foundations, and very often a better view.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>So the fact that this book exists is proof that depression lies. Depression makes you think things that are wrong.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>I know, I know, we are humans. We are a clandestine species. Unlike other animals we wear clothes and do our procreating behind closed doors. And we are ashamed when things go wrong with us. But we’ll grow out of this, and the way we’ll do it is by speaking about it. And maybe even through reading and writing about it.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Depression looks different to everyone. Pain is felt in different ways, to different degrees, and provokes different responses. That said, if books had to replicate our exact experience of the world to be useful, the only books worth reading would be written by ourselves.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Unlike a book or a film depression doesn’t have to be about something.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>It is said that insanity is a logical response to an insane world. Maybe depression is in part simply a response to a life we don’t really understand. Of course, no one understands their life completely if they think about it. An annoying thing about depression is that thinking about life is inevitable. Depression makes thinkers out of all of us. Just ask Abraham Lincoln.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Hovering over what? According to Albert Camus, is the only serious question human beings have to deal with.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Fear makes us curious. Sadness makes us philosophise.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>To be calm becomes a kind of revolutionary act. To be happy with your own non-upgraded existence.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Life lesson: the way out is never through yourself.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Sometimes on the rocky, windy path of recovery, what feels like failure can be a step forward.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>You need to feel life’s terror to feel its wonder.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>… and I am glad for the synesthesia that means when I read Emily Dickinson or Mark Twain my mind feels actual warmth from those old American words.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>How to stop time: kiss.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>How to travel in time: read.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>How to escape time: music.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>How to feel time: write.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>How to release time: breathe.</em></p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
