<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_13" title="Thursday, February 13, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_13" title="Thursday, February 13, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, February 13, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: PLEASURE CAN BECOME PUNISHMENT</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Shrove Tuesday by Celia Warren</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It’s 1:22 AM, I’m learning, as always, a natural disciplined being bent on conquering the folds of existence.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A sterile culture lacking novelty at its base is a misconception of acute discerning of the true needs of being. The inability of a people to understand the ever encompass of spatial reality morphing, is the lack of good archetypal characters with viable roles that fulfil the sincere outcry for existential fulfilment. The pulling away from stories that inhibit the subjugation of natural phenomenon at its base level is to fulfil the urging need for acceptance in a world that constantly divides and labels.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Changing the method of study, based on an end different from previously incepted processes, has led at the arrival of this search, I’ll be picking up a book, in hopes I find methods that impact, in contrast to ephemeral impressions. I’ll be reading <em>Moonwalking with Einstein</em>, a stray from proposed intentions, a foray to much needed mental juice for this life-long inquisition.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from today’s devotional “it’s important to connect the so-called temptation with its actual effects. Once you understand that indulging might actually be worse than resisting, the urge begins to lose its appeal. In this way, self-control becomes the real pleasure, and indulgence becomes the regret.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Fun Facts</b>: </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Dom DeLuise, celebrity fat man (five of clubs), has been implicated in the following unseemly acts in my mind’s eye: He has hocked a fat globule of spittle (nine of clubs) on Albert Einstein’s thick white mane (three of diamonds) and delivered a devastating karate kick (five of spades) to the groin of Pope Benedict XVI (six of diamonds). Michael Jackson (king of hearts) has engaged in behavior bizarre even for him. He has defecated (two of clubs) on a salmon burger (king of clubs) and captured his flatulence (queen of clubs) in a balloon (six of spades). Rhea Perlman, diminutive Cheers bartendress (queen of spades), has been caught cavorting with the seven-foot-seven Sudanese basketball star Manute Bol (seven of clubs) in a highly explicit (and in this case, anatomically improbable) two-digit act of congress (three of clubs).</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>