<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_14" title="Friday, February 14, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_14" title="Friday, February 14, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, February 14, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THINK BEFORE YOU ACT</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Valentine by Wendy Cope</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The day of love, it’s 9:57 AM, I’m elated in my heart; that’s just how I feel. I’ll be penning down two poems today, it’s the day of love, one for Stephanie, another for Esperanza, to love, as we tick away to the inverse bang.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Understanding my triggers, from audible to visual, it’s important I resist temptations; from the lesson bits of yesterday. I need to understand that I have done nothing wrong by improving on myself, I am doing myself a great service by forging on and implementing the best form of technology that builds my mind, and ensures an utmost throughput. Understanding, that my environment is different from the inside world of tranquil, positioning my attention at the laser motion of important impressions, believing that situations are nothing but what they are; external forces with simple blunt invitations that can’t perturb or seize my attention if I don’t break the bond of personal purpose and veneration. Implementing the safe measure of pushing out any self that hopes to validate already concluded, reviewed substrates of understanding and loci flames of purpose, avoiding alluring applications of mitigation with aim of disturbing my rest.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today is a day of love, but right now I feel hate, its 12:55 PM. Hate is an emotion that stirs out of envy, the envy I feel is the fact that you wielded the power to hurt me. In time I will put a cross around you, a symbol of the hate I feel for you, to stir and feel when you find someone you love. <em>Anonymous neighbor</em>.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I was hoping to write haiku poems, but I changed my mind, I’ll rather express the pleasures of my heart, how you make me feel; your love, will you still love me if ever I’m not just yours? Will you be mine if I ever seem screwy? Will you understand the love behind my past mistakes? Will you love my <em>consumed</em>; my heart? My mistakes? Dear Lulu.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         If pernicious subtle uttered wicked thoughts and acted actions, directed at no one but self; camouflaged from the immediate conscious impression of perception; disguised from the awareness of, intended by inherent intentions of deceiving whom the aimed perceiver is, eventually get to one, know this is a beam at shadows of the loopholes of the mind caught. If living becomes a rationale at understanding objectively what this reality is, with paranoia being an allusion to the impossible nature of a man who seeks to understand the inchoate words of a mob. When this happens, know there has been a distraction of willed attention, leading to paralysis of directional intention, since perception has been seized; focus hijacked. The solution is to ask - what is the ideal idiosyncratic position of purpose at the current time? </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It’s 10:35 PM, and I’m yet to write the poems, I’ll get dinner now and get to it.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>To-do</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">Implementing the safe measure of pushing out all self that hopes to validate already concluded, reviewed, substrates of understanding and loci flames of purpose.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>EDIT </strong> (12/03/2020 11:33A.M):</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">Process of achieving this has begun, with the introduction of the indifferent spectator, I call her BusiSkrit.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>