<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_3" title="Thursday, June 3, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_3" title="Thursday, June 3, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, June 3, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: IT IS WELL TO BE FLEXIBLE</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: <i>from</i> Childe Harold’s Pilgrimage by George Gordon, Lord Byron</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I’ve been off for a while now, I just need to get it back all together, been working on getting a contract - a deal from a friend. Using proceeds I’ll be getting a new laptop, my younger sibling, the immediate one, has asked to have her laptop back as she needs it for her upcoming exam. I’ll be fine though, I’m done with the introduction, all I need is the deal to slide in.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Love is divine, following through time its destined attraction, through primary school. Oh I had so many, Kelechi and Jumoke . . . I’m writing all these because I’m trying to dispose the thought of whom my first best friend is, that’s Peter? Riding the backstreet. I had a girl on the first day of high-school. Memories in my mind.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         These girls might be the same, but our hearts aren’t the same.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Clocking 34, clocking 52, new ones. New ones.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         This idea of arriving at a point of being so independent—nothing restricts—in the allure of not wanting to be dehumanized is a loss of what it means to be human, the arrival at the Homo sapien.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Dagny is so intelligent.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I’ll let the sun eclipse me. <em>Wide eyes will always brighten the blue</em>. <em>You can’t whisper above the thunder but you can fly anywhere.</em> <em>Purple burst of paper birds, this</em> <em>picture paints a thousand words, so take a breath of myth and mystery and don’t look back. </em>Owl City, Adam Young has written some of the best words to hit my eardrums, and no one like Taylor Swift to help me feel grounded even if stoned hocussed. Lol. Both medallions.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>