<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_30" title="Tuesday, June 30, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_30" title="Tuesday, June 30, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Tuesday, June 30, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THE OBSTACLE IS THE WAY</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Ulysses by Alfred, Lord Tennyson</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It’s evening already, 4:40 P.M, I’m listening to Astrid S <em>Dance</em>, typing away, well . . . what else . . . I listened to a complete song from a bird just out my window. I guess it’s drawing closer to that time of the year—my place. The reason for this entry is finally, I got a crack on the theory of relativity, the spacetime paradigm shift from space and time—space and time being different dimensions—and the keynote of my discovery is the concept of time. When speed increases time reduces, well that’s simple intuition, time here isn’t <em>time</em>, like the Gregorian, it’s relative time. As you move faster, your clock slows down—in relation. This clearly expresses the phenomenon of time dilation. The central idea being, every object moves through spacetime at one speed: The speed of light. Another important point to note about the theory of relativity is its percept of every point being the centre of the universe, calculations are computed with no external reference point. At the heart of relativity is a change of point of view.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Einstein's theory of relativity is live and let live.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>