<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_June_22" title="Monday, June 22, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="June_22" title="Monday, June 22, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, June 22, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THE DEFINITION OF INSANITY</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Recessional by Rudyard Kipling</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         So I had this can of malt given to me by my parents, only to smell it after couple of sips; to perceive its repugnant odour of cockroach.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Understanding the difference between insanity and a pretence of value provoked out of deep-seated empirical based meaning is to delve into the abject misery of insanity. My informed narrative is born of apprehension—resolved in a feat. A trickle of constant misinformation holds no water at my basal contingent. The future stands in objective discernment for those with the right mantle. Words elude those without understanding, a loss of the fact that <em>truth is truth</em>, never wavering. <em>For the physical science is a substrate on which the humanities should stand</em>, any view away from this is a fallacy, a cognitive bias, a deep-running crippling daemon process; a final hindsight bias.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Language is ever evolving, changing to meet the growing needs of an ever developing world. The Yoruba language in its colloquial use, remains one of a myriad of impossible feats; a range of symbols forcing itself on an ever growing expanding meaning set. Grouping in bands, a growing nuanced substrate. The result is a blindness so great. Even a borrowing of a foreign language can’t fix. In my inmate state of mind; current conditioning, I say and state clearly out of remiss: I will never ever keep to heart the words of a tribe that chases insanity in an ever twisting monotony of already based meaning, the overuse of trite words in describing largely disparate domains. To not change or grow in that regard is to chase flies on a sore hollowed.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Forgive my reticence as my present conditioning is its predispose.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Be careful in your studying, on continuing—especially when distracted—lest you build upon sands, instead of rocks. When your mind says no, let your brain seize as its own, the proclivity, dismiss all whims—straddling through what once was, and what matters. What permits continuity in the path of understanding is the honest endeavour, even if it means, reading some paragraphs again.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Well, I realized today, people can perceive the thoughts of the mind. I wonder what I’ll be doing with that, knowing is conceding.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I think I am Nightswan now, I was Theonator, then I was Theophil. <em>I am born anew now</em>. A commentary from a text I wrote some time ago.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>My music, musings . . . the flower, the net profit of my existence . . . the living being</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Theo from Theos, meaning God</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Phil, an affinity for a thing, origin from the word Phile, meaning loving.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>TheoPhil means an affinity for the creator, the supreme being, the love. God loving.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>I got this idea on my first use of empathogens, weed to be precise, I had this feeling of being so loved, I felt all songs were renditions portraying the inherent love bursting in the emotions of the singers or artist; an allusion, the personalisation of the love.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Subliminally came this name on a day of writing, I was TheoNator before my first weed use.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>I got the name Theonator from Terminator, more like God detonator or destroyer, I grew up mad at God, like a phobia, not liking him; having not answered my prayers. Couldn't deduce why my lost textbooks wouldn't materialize in my room.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>A journey of Theonator to TheoPhil. Here I am, TheoPhiL the often inordinate . . . rapture singer.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Enjoy the bootleg - soon copyrighted - romanticism inspired work of my growing, to be colossal anthology. </em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         So I had looked up the word “enough” today, my mind is in shit, I can’t deny it. I miss words when I write.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>