<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_February_8" title="Wednesday, March 25, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="February_8" title="Wednesday, March 25, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, March 25, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: WEALTH AND FREEDOM ARE FREE</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Today by Billy Collins</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I wrote this yesterday, on my phone, planned on including it as an input for yesterday, but it made it for today's. <em>Treat people who speak stupid, just the way they are - stupid. It makes no sense to pacify yourself in erroneous possibilities of how intelligent they might be. Intuition won’t fix the job of empirical discerning, brace the staff of self, and condemn them to the pits of acquainted fools.</em></p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I have a list of books pending on my <em>current reading</em> list, waiting for completion:</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">The Xenogenesis trilogy, </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">City of girls, </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">The lucky one, </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">Numero zero, </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">When Nietzsche wept, </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">The institution, and </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">Digital fortress. </p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Seven books in all, the plan is to not begin any book until I finish these set of books. I plan on also including in my daily readings - a poem each from the book “Poems to live by”, and also a short write-up from the author: Robert Lois Stevenson. Plans to include the precise story and poem will be introduced.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A beautiful excerpt from today’s reading of The Dawn <em>“You’re filled with so much life and death and potential for change,” Nikanj continued. “I understand now why some people took so long to get over their fear of your kind.” </em>Beautiful commentary on the nature of the being of the sapiens.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Another excerpt from the same book, a remark alluding to the discrepancy of the Yoruba culture from my own views: <em>“I started out wanting to do exactly that,” Lilith said. “Snoop. Seek. It seemed to me that my culture—ours—was running headlong over a cliff. And, of course, as it turned out, it was. I thought there must be saner ways of life.”</em></p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>