<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_29" title="Sunday, March 29, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_29" title="Sunday, March 29, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Sunday, March 29, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: WHY DO YOU NEED TO IMPRESS THESE PEOPLE AGAIN?</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Loveliest of Trees, the Cherry Now by A. E. Housman</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Robert Louis reading of the day</b>: </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The yellow paint</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The penitent</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The devil and the innkeeper</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Octavia E. Butler’s readings</b>: </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Bloodchild</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Speech sounds</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Avoid people’s claims of redemption, when in truth, the aim is to waste the present, the utility of the moment.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I discovered my neighbours aren’t the devil, they aren’t humans, they’ve become monotonous impasse of dispute.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         In the last paragraph of the sixth chapter of the<strong> LO</strong> part, I can clearly infer that the euphoric experience described between the Oankali and the humans isn’t as ecstatic as what I had earlier visualized, for if he (Tino) was truly and deeply pacified and wholly satisfied, the longing for physical contact would be inexistent.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from today’s reading of essays from Butler “<em>I took archery in high school because it wasn’t a team sport. I liked some of the team sports, but in archery you did well or badly according to your own efforts. No one else to blame. I wanted to see what I could do. I learned to aim high. Aim above the target. Aim just there! Relax. Let go. If you aimed right, you hit the bull’s-eye. I saw positive obsession as a way of aiming yourself, your life, at your chosen target. Decide what you want. Aim high. Go for it.</em>”</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>