<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_20" title="Friday, March 20, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_20" title="Friday, March 20, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, March 20, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: READY AND AT HOME</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: A Morning Song by Eleanor Farjeon</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today, officially the first day of spring, last of the weekdays, I’ll be finishing <em>Patternmaster</em> today, I hope I do though, it’s almost a thing new, to have my words inputted here daily, in time I will be ready for the Busiskrit and my first draft, I mean yes! My story. Well I still love the real world; I just am stuck in a cesspool of ludicrous people with no sense of hope at a life of reasonable good living.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It’s 8:49 A.M, I just finished the series, awesome. I’ll be reading <em>Numero zero</em> by <em>Umberto Uco</em>, I already started, hopefully I’ll finish it today.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Lesson Bits</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Excerpts from Sam Harris’s waking up call “The Mystery of Being”.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Of all the periods in human history that I may have appeared, I live in this one, arguably the first epoch since time-immemorial, now I understand self and circumstance in a truly universal sense, for the first time in history a person’s view of the world need not be dictated by the mere location of birth or religion of parents, now the barrier of geography and language are shattered, down to the ground.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The philosopher Buttrell Russell <em>(not sure of name)</em> described her most rudimentary knowledge of the world as: The knowledge by acquaintance. I.e. - The color of a table standing before you. A quote</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em> “The particular shade of color that I’m seeing may have many things said about it, I might say that it is brown, rather dark and so on, but such statements though they make me know truths about the color, do not make me know the color itself any better than I did before. So far as concerned the knowledge of the color itself,</em><strong><em> as opposed to knowledge of truths about it</em></strong><em>. I know the color perfectly and completely when I see it, and no further knowledge of it is even theoretically possible. Thus the sense data which make up the appearance of my table are things with which I have acquaintance, and things immediately known to me, just as they are.” </em>What Russell seems to overlook here is that this basic knowledge to which no knowledge can be theoretically added is a place where we uncover an intrinsic limit to understanding. Consider any facet of experience, in this case a vision of color; stirring the tide of thoughts long enough to merely observe it as it is, the fact of being in total ignorance of what it is can become obvious. </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         What is the color blue? Not as a function of wavelengths of light or neurophysiology, but at it is directly perceived. We’re really left with nothing to say but that it’s blue, which does nothing to clarify things, in fact it’s not even blue, which is just a word; it’s a noise we’re making. What we see before us is whatever it ineffably is. Focusing on this distance between concepts and experience is a means of sneaking up on a truth that is generally described in Buddhism, as the <em>The truth of emptiness</em>: the idea that no thing has intrinsic independent existence in the way that it seems. The moment we suspend the conceptual associations we have with a given object, or perception; our knowledge about it, our direct experience of it can gray into this experience of pure mystery. We’re left with this wordless intuition of consciousness and its content.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Meditation isn’t about understanding things conceptually, it’s the ability to experience things more clearly, prior to concepts, it’s the knowledge by acquaintance taking to the highest degree, leading to another state of being: a new form of intelligence, a psychological freedom that a continuous entanglement with concept doesn’t. </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A famous parable from the Buddha meant to get at this difference - A man is struck in the chest by a poison arrow, and a surgeon rushes to his side to begin the work of saving his life, bu the man resist, he wants to know the name of the fletcher who fashioned the arrows shaft, and the type of wood from which it was cut, and the mode of the man who shot it, and the name of the horse upon which he rode, and a thousand other things that have no bearing at all upon his present suffering or his ultimate survival, so this man needs to get his priority straight, his commitment to thinking about <em>world</em> results from a basic misunderstanding of his predicament. We too have more problems that will not be solved by more thinking.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>