<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_30" title="Monday, March 30, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_30" title="Monday, March 30, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, March 30, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: REASON IN ALL THINGS</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: The Cherry-Tree Carol by Anon.</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         An excerpt from a reading of the new intellectual “<em>Man’s consciousness shares with animals the first two stages of its development: </em><strong><em>sensations</em></strong><em> and </em><strong><em>perceptions</em></strong><em>; but it is the third state, </em><strong><em>conceptions</em></strong><em>, that makes him man. Sensations are integrated into perceptions automatically, by the brain of a man or of an animal. But to integrate perceptions into conceptions by a process of </em><strong><em>abstraction</em></strong><em>, is a feat that man alone has the power to perform—and he has to perform it by </em><strong><em>choice</em></strong><em>. The process of abstraction, and of concept-formation is a process of </em><strong><em>reason</em></strong><em>, of thought; it is not automatic nor instinctive nor involuntary nor infallible. Man has to initiate it, to sustain it and to bear responsibility for its results. The pre-conceptual level of consciousness is nonvolitional; volition begins with the first </em><strong><em>syllogism</em></strong><em>. Man has the choice to think or to evade—to maintain a state of full awareness or to drift from moment to moment, in a semi-conscious daze, at the mercy of whatever associational whims the unfocused mechanism of his consciousness produces.</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <em>But the living organisms that possess the faculty of consciousness need to exercise it in order to survive. An animal’s consciousness functions automatically; an animal perceives what it is able to perceive and survives accordingly, no further than the perceptual level permits and no better. Man cannot survive on the perceptual level of his consciousness; his senses do not provide him with an automatic guidance, they </em><strong><em>do not</em></strong><em> give him the knowledge he needs, </em><strong><em>only the material of knowledge</em></strong><em>, which his mind has to integrate. Man is the </em><strong><em>only</em></strong><em> living species who has to perceive reality—which means: to be conscious—by choice. But he shares with other species the penalty of unconsciousness: destruction. For an animal, the question of survival is primarily physical; for man, primarily </em><strong><em>epistemological</em></strong><em>.</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <em>Man’s unique reward, however, is that while animals survive by adjusting themselves to their background, man survives by </em><strong><em>adjusting his background to himself</em></strong><em>. If a drought strikes them, animals perish—man builds irrigation canals; if a flood strikes them, animals perish—man builds dams; if a carnivorous pack attacks them animals perish—man writes the Constitution of the United States. But one </em><strong><em>does not</em></strong><em> obtain food, safety or freedom—by instinct..”</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         <em>“Those who could become the New Intellectuals are America’s hidden assets; their number is probably greater than anyone can estimate; they exist in every profession, even among the present intellectuals. But they are scattered in silent helplessness throughout the country, or hidden in that underground which, in human history, has too often swallowed the best of men’s potential: </em><strong><em>subjectivity</em></strong><em>. They are the men who have long since lost respect for the cultural standards to which they conform, but who hide their own convictions or repress their ideas or suppress their minds, each feeling that he has no chance against the others, each serving as both victim and destroyer. The New Intellectuals will be those men who will come out into the open and have the courage to break that vicious circle.</em></p>

    <p><em> </em></p>

    <p>         <em>If they glance at the state of our culture, they will see that the entire miserable show is kept up by nothing but </em><strong><em>routine</em></strong><em> and </em><strong><em>pretence</em></strong><em>, which disguise bewilderment and fear: nobody dares to take the first new step, everybody waits for his neighbour’s initiative. If a society reaches the stage where every man accepts the feeling that he is “a stranger and afraid in a world [he] never made,” the world it gives up will be made by Attila. The greatest need today is for men who are </em><strong><em>not strangers to reality</em></strong><em>, because they are not afraid of thought. The New Intellectuals will be those who will take the initiative and the responsibility: they will check their own philosophical premises, identify their convictions, integrate their ideas into coherence and consistency, then offer to the country a view of existence to which the wise and honest can repair.</em></p>

    <p><em> </em></p>

    <p>         <em>The New Intellectual will be the man who lives up to the exact meaning of his </em><strong><em>title</em></strong><em>: a man who is guided by his intellect—not a zombie guided by feelings, instincts, urges, wishes, whims or revelations. Ending the rule of Attila and the Witch Doctor, he will discard the basic premise that made them possible: the soul-body dichotomy. He will discard its irrational conflicts and contradictions, such as: mind versus heart, thought versus action, reality versus desire, the practical versus the moral. He will be an integrated man, that is: a thinker who is a man of action. He will know that ideas divorced from consequent action are fraudulent, and that action divorced from ideas is suicidal. He will know that the conceptual level of </em><strong><em>psycho-epistemology</em></strong><em>—the volitional level of reason and thought—is the </em><strong><em>basic necessity</em></strong><em> of man’s survival and his greatest </em><strong><em>moral virtue</em></strong><em>. He will know that men need philosophy for the purpose of living on earth.</em></p>

    <p><em> </em></p>

    <p>         <em>The New Intellectual will be a reunion of the twins who should never have been separated: the intellectual and the businessman. He can come from among the best—that is: the most rational—men who may still exist in both camps. In place of an involuntary Witch Doctor and a reluctant Attila, the reunion will produce two new types: the </em><strong><em>practical thinker</em></strong><em> and the </em><strong><em>philosophical businessman</em></strong><em>.</em></p>

    <p><em> </em></p>

    <p>         <em>The best among the present intellectuals should consider the tremendous power which they are holding, but have never fully exercised or understood. If any man among them feels that he is the helpless, ineffectual step-son of a “materialistic” culture that grants him neither wealth nor recognition, let him remember the meaning of his title: his power is his intellect, not his feelings, emotions, or intuitions. It is not the businessmen who have robbed him of efficacy, but those of his colleagues who have degraded his profession to the level of soothsayers, tea-leaf readers, and jungle oracles. Let him break with the neo-mystics; let him realize that ideas are not an escape from reality, not a hobby for “disinterested” neurotics in ivory towers, but the most </em><strong><em>crucial</em></strong><em> and </em><strong><em>practical </em></strong><em>power in human existence. Then let him become an intellectual leader who assumes full responsibility for the practical consequences of his theories.”</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Sacrilegious is the holistic make up of the pretender who claims to teach. The wanderers who smoke the view; hazed up themselves; benighted, accredited worms of impotency.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>