<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_7" title="Saturday, March 7, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_7" title="Saturday, March 7, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, March 7, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Devotional</b>: DON’T TRUST THE SENSES</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Poem of the Day</b>: To My Sister by William Wordsworth</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p><b class="fw-bold">Entries</b>: </p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         Woke up this morning feeling great, meditated, got to listening in on some cool tracks and now I’m about to bathe. It’s good to be alive, I hope I get to do a lot today.</p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         After writing my dad a letter, hoping in disguise I’m writing a letter to myself; in hopes that I get an empathic reply, I figured on re-reading, I discover I have an acquiesce to look forward to: a response from my dad stating if his volition has been of good intent.</p>

    <p>Below is a true copy of the letter.</p>
<p> </p>
    <p>         <em>Whatever game you’re playing whether through direct contact or through means elusive, kindly note my understanding is diminishing and my resort is to keep all I brace important away from you.</em></p>

    <p>         <em>If you find this offensive, please know I’m offended and the only recourse is to leave me to my own devices.</em></p>

    <p>         <em>I’m no child, neither am I clinically sick, if my judgements are wrong based on “facts” you raised me by; building on from, are lies, then know I ‘ll remain disappointed even after you read this.</em></p>

    <p>         <em>I can no longer fold my arms while you pretend not to be aware of who I am.</em></p>

    <p>         <em>This will be the only form of accusal at a narrative I’ve come to perceive in your ways.</em></p>

    <p>         <em>You know my mistakes, all of them. I may not know yours but I can feel their scornful effects.</em></p>

    <p> </p>

    <p>         In Émile, or on education by Jean-Jacques Rousseau he talks about the way in which a human being left to his devices will naturally be good, hence the notion <em>the noble savage</em>.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>