<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_March_28" title="Saturday, March 28, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="March_28" title="Saturday, March 28, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Saturday, March 28, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: COWARDICE AS A DESIGN PROBLEM</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: I Watched a Blackbird by Thomas Hardy</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Robert Louis reading of the day</b>: </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The man and his friend</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The four reformers</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The house of eld</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Octavia E. Butler’s readings</b>: </p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">The evening and the morning and the night</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Near of kin</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Crossover</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Positive obsession</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos">Furor scribendi</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         <em>Shipwreck in a sea of faces, there’s a dreamy world, way up there</em>, lines from a song by Adam Young. I figured, sometimes it’s impossible for anyone to reduce the experience of certain activities below a threshold, why? Because old experience wane hard.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from today’s reading of a short story by Octavia Butler: Speech Sounds: “<em>His use of the left hand interested Rye more than his obvious question. Left-handed people tended to be less impaired, more reasonable and comprehending, less driven by frustration, confusion, and anger.</em>” Now I don’t know how true this is, but it’s an interesting statement.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Another excerpt from Octavia Butler’s short story collection titled <strong>The Evening and the Morning and the Night</strong>. <em>“The weird part was, I worked hard, got top grades. If you work </em><strong><em>hard</em></strong><em> enough at something that </em><strong><em>doesn’t matter</em></strong><em>, you can </em><strong><em>forget</em></strong><em> for a while about the things that do.” </em>Now drawing from the incident I was just involved in. Helping my mom with her tea, filling up her flask, random activities of little to no significance, my dad calls me, informing me I’ll need to have the waste made available for the trash collector on his arrival. Dropping the flask in my mom’s room, I move forward to helping with the trash, but first, do I have soap to wash after this dirty activity? No! Is it really important, taking the trash out, when he can just come in to get it? Well, his wife says she doesn’t want the trash collector in the compound, another dictum from the madam, at whose peril actually? His? Mine? Why? I’m not so sure. Just another impudence at the individuals in the household who actually do the work. Mind made up. I don’t plan on taking any trash out, if he needs the trash out, he either plays on whomsoever’s logic is needed to have the trash collector come in, or let his <em>slave-boy</em> - me - as I’ve always been, handle it. But no, he won’t. On returning back to the building, after waiting several minutes, intending to ascertain if he, the trash man still is on his way, I meet with Father, telling me I have to take it out, the following conversation ensued, I paraphrase. </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Son</strong>: Where is the man?</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Father</strong>: His cart is full. He has gone to empty it; he says he’ll be coming back soon.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Father</strong>: Have you taken the trash out?</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Son</strong>: No, I didn’t.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Father</strong>: Why?</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Son</strong>: I’d rather have him come in to get it.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Father</strong>: He can’t come in.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Son</strong>: I have no soap to wash after.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Father gives a scornful remark, imposing his will on mine, I leave his presence, informing him of my defiance as a result of his disdain of my wants. I remember growing up, my dad telling my mom, how he doesn’t know me, he doesn’t know who I am? Think of it. If he doesn’t know who I was, how can he know me; who I currently am? A reference to the letter sent to him should be inferred for proper a priori discerning.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The reason I relate all these is to draw and infer, showing how easy it is to lose all sense of self, if I had listened to his advice - father - of not reading. I’d be an animal wielded by the raucous of nonchalant individuals with imposing bigoted views, losing sense of the loci flame that has stirred me so far, instead of chasing the wind.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I switched programs, for the windows media player, with intentions to listen to <em>Wolf Bite</em> only to have <em>The Real World</em> by <em>Owl City</em> played, I was swept away, mood changed, and now I feel lighter; my capricious ass. During the playback, a thought swept through my mind, it was in concession with some lines from the song, how he’d rather live in an imaginary world than live in the real world. I indulge in this by reading books myself, fiction, or non-fiction, any goes, as long as it offers a true episode of escapism, the perfect reverie.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Reading the fable, <em>the house of ELD.</em> I’m taken to the aisle of memory; in view: on the counter. My high-school graduation year book parting words. I paraphrase: “The lord has given us a course to chart during this lifetime, but not without the opportunity to plot ours”. As few as these words are, they signalled the imminent actions, shaped by fore-thoughts, that’d determine the story of my life. So insinuating were the words to my uncle; the proprietor, he avoided speaking to me directly about it, instead meets with my dad admonishing him. For He’d have my dad call me informing me on how, out of condescending spite, I sound intelligent, when all he actually meant was, good lifting.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A quick summary of the book, he kills the sorcerer, has his right fetter broken, prior to this he . . .</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         First it’s a metaphor of how to gain freedom, you need to break down the walls of those you love, fight, conquer . . .</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It so happens that I graduated from high school at fifteen also . . .</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>