<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_21" title="Thursday, May 21, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_21" title="Thursday, May 21, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Thursday, May 21, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: WHAT KIND OF BOXER ARE YOU</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Friends by Polly Clark</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Halo, I didn’t get to read the psycho-epistemological discourse on art yesterday, there was no electricity, I will today though.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I learned today the cause of trends, it’s philosophy . . . from the Romantic Manifesto of art by Ayn Rand.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         An excerpt from a reading of the Romantic Manifesto by Ayn Rand: <em>The course of mankind’s </em><strong><em>progress</em></strong><em> is not a straight, automatic line, but a tortuous struggle, with long detours or relapses into the stagnant night of the irrational. Mankind moves forward by the grace of those </em><strong><em>human bridges</em></strong><em> who are able to </em><strong><em>grasp and transmit</em></strong><em>, across years or centuries, the achievements men had reached—and to carry them further. </em>A representation of what I hope my life represents, leaving my job to understand my roots, better building on my persona, understanding what ticks, and curbing ticks that deter motion in progress.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I think it’s safe to say; draw the consensus, that the phenomenon discussed earlier in this journal is finally understood, the constant insurgency and disturbance well known, is a direct result of the detour of the human into a subterranean sensory level of awareness, a state that is sub-perceptual—the decline into the sub-animal, the acculturation to the barbaric.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         A fact to keep with me as I progress, is the fact that art, like literature is not a social endeavour, a reminder to revoke the impose in surfeit of the <em>darkseid</em>.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         The constant suggestions and tries at “elucidating”<em> </em>or analysing art—music, movies, etc.<em>—</em>is a contrived attempt at impeding the growth of the individual, the insularly altruistic nature of the avatar by agents with sub-animal agendas. This voids the individual of the much needed expression of the mind through art. A crime of the spirit.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>