<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_May_22" title="Friday, May 22, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="May_22" title="Friday, May 22, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Friday, May 22, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: TODAY IS THE DAY</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Today Is Very Boring by Jack Prelutsky</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Building on from my last input yesterday, I draw the apparency of its connotation to the fabric of everyday living, it’s said, Lana Del Rey I think: <em>Life imitates art</em>, or <em>Art imitates life</em>—not sure which—this suffice to say the need to treat life like art, staying away from their concoctions, not remaining amenable to their indifference, striving for re-establishment of order even on a maladaptive level.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Started the reading of the manifesto of art: The psycho-epistemology of art.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">An important definition for future reference.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><strong>Psycho-epistemology</strong> is the study of man’s cognitive processes from the aspect of the interaction between the conscious mind and the automatic functions of the subconscious.</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Reading the fore-mentioned book, relives me of the memory of a neighbour I’d ride with in the morning to my place of intern. We discussed on a certain day, and she dropped it on me: the inability to control people. I guess she meant: to understand. For understanding comes before the former. Here is the quote. <em>Human character—with all of its innumerable potentialities, virtues, vices, inconsistencies, contradictions—is so complex that man is his own most bewildering enigma. It is very difficult to isolate and integrate human traits even into purely cognitive abstractions and to bear them all in mind when seeking to understand the men one meets. </em></p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         It’s 9:36 P.M and I just finished the topic: The Psycho Epistemology of Art. Great.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>