<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_October_26" title="Monday, October 26, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="October_26" title="Monday, October 26, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Monday, October 26, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THREE PARTS, ONE AIM</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Love After Love by Derek Walcott</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"> Wonder</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Today's Musical</b>: SONATA IN A MAJOR, KK 208 BY DOMENICO SCARLATTI (1685–1757)</p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today is a great day, I was so mad at Jess yesterday, I sent her a mail filled with my upset rants. Earlier, I had sent her a mail talking about discerning meaning of words, it turns out today’s devotional speaks about that. Three parts of philosophy it says we have, the moral, the natural, and the <em>rational</em>, what I’m interested in here is the rational that says words should be discerned properly. I guess it remains tethered. I discover the day’s poet as also being an interest as I proceeded. I will post quotes of him found.</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><br/></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Break a vase, and the love that reassembles the fragments is stronger than that love which took its symmetry for granted when it was whole.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>The English language is nobody's special property. It is the property of the imagination: it is the property of the language itself.</em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl"><em>Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean; it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.</em></p>

    <p class="ql-align-center"><em> </em></p>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">The last quote is great, I must say though, Derek Walcott looks familiar, leading me to search for his doppelganger.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>
