<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Vision 2020 (A Life Worth Living)</title>
  <link href="OEBPS/Styles/template.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="urn:uuid:dd9a09fe-a277-413e-a5ee-35761e1c7f0f" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="sc_September_23" title="Wednesday, September 23, 2020">

    <h1 class="chap_h"><span class="right_1" epub:type="pagebreak" id="September_23" title="Wednesday, September 23, 2020"></span><a href="OEBPS/Text/Contents.xhtml#contents">Wednesday, September 23, 2020</a></h1>

    <div class="top3"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Devotional</b>: THE MOST SECURE FORTRESS</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Poem of the Day</b>: Digging by Edward Thomas</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Collected Poems of Maya Angelou</b>:</p>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"> Riot: 60's</p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Today's Musical</b>: </p>

    <div class="top4"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wos"><b>Entries</b>: </p>

    <div class="top1"></div>

    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today is a great day, even though I can’t get the tablet with me to work, not sure why, I’ll be returning it to its owner. I sent series of messages to Jess through mail, and I’m studying the day’s reading of poems, it’s 10:25 A.M.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         Today is the autumn equinox, marking the day of almost equal day and night across almost every area of the earth, the word equinox literally means equal night. Today’s poem discusses the smells traditionally associated with this season. Also the tropical zodiac timeline—Libra begins, ending 23<sup>rd</sup> of October. I hope to getting to study the zodiac and its signs before the year runs out.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         All day I have to deal with tripe from at least 6 people, it used to be torture but, now it’s effrontery building, and as casual as my meals. Northing perturbing.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         I’m hoping I get better, learn to leave the hurt behind, become better, heal, leave the hell behind me, and cultivate forbearance.</p>
<div class="top1"></div>
    <p class="nonindent_wsl">         My neighbours can, kind of hear my thoughts, so they are about impeding the analytical process by sound distractions. My knowledge from examination of its effect is, its lack of influence in the arrival of original thoughts.</p>

    <div class="top2"></div>

  </section>

</body>

</html>